Prepare release 0.2.12 (#851)
ICB-DCM/pyPESTO: CHANGELOG.rst

..........

0.2.12 (2022-04-11)
-------------------

* AMICI:
    * Update to renamed steady state sensitivity modes (#843)
    * Set amici.Solver.setReturnDataReportingMode (#835)
    * Optimize `pypesto/objective/amici_util.py::par_index_slices`(#845)
    * Remove Solver.getPreequilibration (#830)
    * fix n_res size for error output with parameter dependent sigma (#812)
    * PetabImporter: Auto-regenerate AMICI models in case of version mismatch (#848)
* Pymc3
    * Disable Pymc3 Sampler tests (#831)
    *
*  Visualizations:
    * Waterfall zoom (#808)

>     * Reverse opacities of colors in prediction trajectories plots(#838)

Author: ```suggestion
    * Reverse opacities of colors in prediction trajectories plots(#838)
    * Model fit plots (#850)
```

..........

0.2.12 (2022-04-11)
-------------------

* AMICI:
    * Update to renamed steady state sensitivity modes (#843)
    * Set amici.Solver.setReturnDataReportingMode (#835)

>     * Optimize `pypesto/objective/amici_util.py::par_index_slices`(#845)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Optimize `pypesto/objective/amici_util.py::par_index_slices` (#845)
```

    * fix n_res size for error output with parameter dependent sigma (#812)
    * PetabImporter: Auto-regenerate AMICI models in case of version mismatch (#848)
* Pymc3
    * Disable Pymc3 Sampler tests (#831)
    *
*  Visualizations:
    * Waterfall zoom (#808)
    * Reverse opacities of colors in prediction trajectories plots(#838)
    * Model fit plots (#850)
* OptimizeResult:
    * Summary method (#816)
    * Append method for OptimizeResult (#815)
    * added __getattr__ function to OptimizeResult (#802)
* General:
    * disable progress bar in tests (#799)
    * Make Fides work with objectives, that do not have a hessian (#807)
    * removed ftol in favor of tol (#803)
    * Fix pyPESTO Select test; Update to stable black version (#810)
    * Fix id assignment in case of large number of starts (#825)
    * Temporarily fix jinja2 version (#826)
    * Upgrade black to be compatible with latest click (#829)
    * Fix wrong link in doc/example/hdf5_storage.ipynb (#827)
    * Mark test/base/test_prior.py::test_mode as flaky (#833)
    * Custom methods for autosave filenames (#822)
    * fix saving ensemble predictions to hdf5 (#840)
    * Upgrad nbQA to 1.3.1 (#846)

>     * removed constantParameters for constant_parameters in notebook (#852)

Author: ```suggestion
    * Replaced constantParameters with constant_parameters in notebook (#852)
```
